Clean up quality scale (#2215)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/integration_setup_failures.md

Your integration may not be able to be set up for a variety of reasons. The most common cases are because the device or service is offline or the credentials are no longer valid. Your integration must retry setup so it can recover as soon as reasonably possible when the device or service is back online without the user having to restart Home Assistant.

## Config entry not ready

if the integration is unable to make a connection to the service, it is safe to assume that this is a temporary issue. In that case, a user can raise `ConfigEntryNotReady` exception from `async_setup_entry` in the integration's `__init__.py`, and Home Assistant will automatically take care of retrying set up later.

> You should not raise `ConfigEntryNotReady` in a platform's `async_setup_entry` is ineffective because it is too late to be caught by the config entry setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not raise `ConfigEntryNotReady` in a platform's `async_setup_entry` because it is too late to be caught by the config entry setup.
```

If your integration supports discovery, Home Assistant will automatically retry as soon as your device or service gets discovered.

Pass the error message to `ConfigEntryNotReady` as the first argument. Home Assistant will log the retry once with a log level of
`warning`, and subsequent retries are logged at `debug` level. The error message will also be propagated to the UI and shown on the integrations page. Suppose you do not set a message when raising `ConfigEntryNotReady`; in that case, Home Assistant will try to extract the reason from the exception that is the cause of `ConfigEntryNotReady` if it was propagated from another exception.

The integration should not log any non-debug messages about the retry, and should instead rely on the logic built-in to `ConfigEntryNotReady` to avoid spamming the logs.

## Handling expired credentials

> Raise the `ConfigEntryAuthFailed` exception, and Home Assistant will automatically put the config entry in a failure state and [start a reauth flow](config_entries_config_flow_handler.md#reauthentication). The exception must be raised from `async_setup_entry` in `__init__.py` or from the `DataUpdateCoordinator` or the exception will not be effective at triggering the reauth flow. If your integration does not use a `DataUpdateCoordinator`, calling `entry.async_start_reauth()` can be used as an alternative to starting a reauth flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raise the `ConfigEntryAuthFailed` exception, and Home Assistant will automatically put the config entry in a failure state and [start a reauth flow](config_entries_config_flow_handler.md#reauthentication). The exception must be raised from `async_setup_entry` in `__init__.py` or from the `DataUpdateCoordinator` or the exception will not trigger the reauth flow. If your integration does not use a `DataUpdateCoordinator`, calling `entry.async_start_reauth()` can be used as an alternative to starting a reauth flow.
```

The `reauth` flow will be started with the following context variables, which are available in the `async_step_reauth` step:

- source: This will always be "SOURCE_REAUTH"
- entry_id: The entry_id of the config entry that needs reauthentication
- unique_id: The unique_id of the config entry that needs reauthentication

```python

> async def async_setup_entry(hass: HomeAssistant, entry: ConfigEntry) -> bool:

Reviewer: The example code should contain a return statement?
